so now we're going to work with the shank region
the first thing we're going to do is we're going
to remove a group of muscles known as our heel
the heel region is often
overlooked in north america but
in various parts of the world there are
some very popular muscles inside the heel
there's our heel
i'm just going to remove the femur so this
region is a little bit easier to work with
so it doesn't matter how much
we try to clean an animal
as we get close to these leg bones
you're always going to get pools of
blood left over and it's simply because
of what their function is in the body
so now what we're going to do is we're
going to cut a bone-in steak section
from this shank and these are often
referred to as colloquially we call them ossobuco
so that particular cross section
would be referred to as ossobuco